doc: fix typos (#62852)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/guide_vagrant.rst

The "Tips and Tricks" chapter of the `Ansible Provisioner documentation
<https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/provisioning/ansible.html>`_ provides detailed information about more advanced Ansible features like:

>   - how to parallelly execute a playbook in a multi-machine environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - how to execute a playbook in parallel within a multi-machine environment
```

Author: Good idea, done
